### Parts Suppled to You and How to Connect them

##### Equipment Supplied for Project
- 8GB MicroSD card (contains pre-built image)
- Raspberry Pi 3b+ & Power Cord
- 6 Buttons
- Joystick
- 1x 1-pin grounding cable
- 3x 4-pin Multi-coloured Connecter Cables (daisy-chained pin sleeves)
- 19” monitor with rear mounting bracket space
- 3” speakers with 3.5mm jack
- Wood for frame
- USB keyboard & USB mouse

##### Putting it all together
1. Construct the frame (wood)
2. Install the buttons and joystick into the holes cut for them.
3. Mount the Raspberry Pi in the frame
4. Connect the power cord to the Raspberry Pi (do not turn on yet)
5. Insert the MicroSD card into the Raspberry Pi
6. Grouding Connecter cable 
    - Connect one end of the grounding cable to PIN 39 on the RPi
    - On the bottom of each button is a box with 2 pins on its side and 1 pin on the bottom (joystick has several of these boxes to control up/down/left/right)
    - Connect the remaining sleeves of the grounding cable to the bottom pin on each pin box
7. Connecter cable #1
    - Use PINs 31-33-35-37
8. Connecter cable #2
    - Use PINs 23-25-27-29
9. Connecter cable #3
    - Use PINs 34-36-38-40
10. Plug in the USB keyboard + USB mouse + speakers + HDMI Monitor
11. Using the supplied image, connect the cables to the buttons and joystick
12. Turn on the power to the monitor and then power the Raspberry Pi
13. Wait MAME to load.
14. Use the joystick to scroll through the games, press the [COLOUR] button to play that game (see User Manual as to which button(s) to press other options).

##### Assembling the electrical components to the cabinet
1. Attach the monitor using the mounts drilled on the screen panel.
2. Install the speakers on top of the speaker panel. You can have them drilled or sticked there to not make it move. And run the speaker wires base of the cabinet.
3. Attach all the buttons, the joystick to the control panel. Attach them in place with screws and wire everything together.
4. Mount the Raspberry Pi in the cabinet frame.
5. Connect the monitor and speakerss to the Raspberry Pi. The video can be hooked up from the HDMI out on the Pi to the HDMI or DVI on the monitor.
6. Connect the power cord to the Raspberry Pi and the monitor.
7. Load up the Raspberry Pi and configure the controls.
